(Mr. Heartland)
We're down to our
final four duelists
as the World Duel Carnival nears
its thrilling conclusion!
But first, we'll unveil the
stadium's latest upgrade!
Now elevate the Duel Tower!
(cheering)
Hope you're not scared
of heights,
'cause you're about to witness
some of the dizziest dueling
action ever
as Shark battles Yuma and Kite
confronts Vetrix!
Yuma's gotta
take on Shark!?
He's dueled against
Shark before,
so it could give him a big
advantage in this round.
Yuma knows all about
Shark's cards and moves.
Now he can use that knowledge
to plan out his strategy!
But Shark knows the same things
about Yuma, too.
Besides we all know Yuma
never plans his strategy,
'cause then he'd have to
use his brain.
(Tori)
It's true that Yuma has dueled
Shark many times in the past,
but he never had
to battle a monster
like the one Shark used
against Quattro.
Appear, Chaos Number 32!
Shark Drake Veiss!
I hope Yuma
will be okay.
The opening duel of the
semifinal round will begin now!
Our first duelist was unknown
when he took the World Duel
Carnival by storm
in a series of
spectacular victories.
He may look like a pint-sized
pipsqueak,
but this kid has
the heart of a giant!
Give it up for
Yuma Tsukumo!
(Yuma)
I won't let you guys down!
(Mr. Heartland)
The last time we saw Yuma's
challenger in the spotlight,
he was banished from the dueling
world in disgrace,
but now he's back
with a vengeance!
No opponent is safe when this
"Shark" zeroes in on his prey!
It's Reginald Kastle!
What's up with Shark?
He looks strange.
Hey, Shark,
is everything okay?
He didn't react.
Something's
gotta be wrong.
Before you start dueling, let's
add a little altitude!
Only one of these
rivals will advance!
Will the winner be Yuma
the dueling wonder kid,
or will Shark
complete his comeback?
Our two duelists know they have
to lay it all on the line!
Are you ready to see the
most epic duel ever waged!?
Yeah!
Then let's go!!!
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down before my life
begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance forgetting
yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave all
my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(Yuma)
Shark looks
totally spaced out!
Kind of like I get
in math class.
It is possible Shark
has become possessed.
As you surely remember, Shark
summoned out a Chaos Number
during his
battle with Quattro.
The darkness within
that Number
was too much
for Shark to control.
I believe it has overpowered
him completely now.
You mean it's like
it zombified him?
Poor Shark!
(Vetrix)
Shark versus Yuma!
What an entertaining matchup!
It should be a nail biter
with these two.
Yes, even if I already know who
the winner is going to be!
Snap out of it, Shark!
Fight that Number,
don't let it take over!
Yuma, this duel
will be challenging.
If that Number does
control Shark,
then his dueling abilities
will be even sharper
than they normally are.
You must stay alert!
Don't worry!
I'll help Shark
and rule this duel!
Let's go!
Yeah!
Duel Disk go!
Duel Gazer,
let's roll!
Get set to get decked!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
Let's duel!
I guess I'll get
things rolling!
I draw!
First, I'll place a monster
in defense mode.
And next I'll play a second
card facedown ending my turn.
Perfect.
The first card Yuma put down
is Dododo Bot.
It has 1900 defense points.
The other card is the trap
Impenetrable attack.
He has put himself in a strong
position to survive an attack.
Take it away, you're up.
It's my turn.
To start, I summon
my Spear Shark.
Only 1600 attack points.
It's harmless.
Are you sure?
Do not underestimate
Shark's tactics.
Spear Shark attack Yuma's
facedown monster.
Why would he make
such a reckless attack
on a facedown card?
It could be much stronger
than his own monster.
Shark!
I do not understand.
To attack
without knowing
the opposing card's
strength is foolish.
Whoa, that move is costing
Reginald big time!
He got careless
and now he's down for the count
instead of Yuma.
Shark made
a rookie mistake!
I only expected something that
pathetic to be done by Yuma.
Maybe this is all part of
Shark's game plan.
Think about it.
Yuma knows Shark's
usual strategies
inside and out, right?
So what if Shark decided
to change things up
'cause he figured that
would confuse Yuma?
You're sayin' Shark took
that damage on purpose?
Now, Yuma I will place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Man!
Shark's totally not acting
like himself this duel.
You have no way of knowing what
is going through his mind.
I believe the wisest course
is to keep your guard up
and stay prepared
for surprises.
And you must not
grow overconfident.
I'm too good to
let that happen.
Watch out!
It's my turn to draw!
I summon Gogogo Golem!
Now, I switch Dododo Bot
to attack mode!
Okay, get moving,
Gogogo Golem!
Blast Spear Shark!
Shark!
He's still under the control
of that Number.
I'll have to shock him
back to his senses.
Get set, Dododo Bot!
Discharge your
Lightning Blade!
(Mr. Heartland)
Whoa, talk about
electrifying!
That jolt just cost Shark
1800 life points!
If he doesn't rise soon,
he'll have to forfeit the duel
completely!
Get up, Shark!
You've gotta gut this duel
out to the end!
(audience)
Shark, Shark, Shark...
What's wrong?
I know Shark
isn't a quitter!
Don't give up now, Shark.
Keep on battling.
You're the fiercest duelist
I ever met.
Nobody's tougher than you!
You're supposed to duel
like a shark.
I've seen guppies
with more fight.
I won't attack
him when he's down.
I'm putting a card facedown
and ending my turn!
Aren't you at
least gonna try!?
Yeah, that's right,
c'mon, Shark.
Get up an' duel!
(Shark)
Yes, I must duel.
That's why I'm here,
but what am I fighting for?
I know there's a reason, but I
can't remember what it is.
Try to remember.
What's my reason
for dueling?
(Vetrix)
Have you really forgotten?
Vetrix!
You know who I am!
That's very good, Shark.
I'm relieved
that your memory
has not been completely
wiped out.
Together we can rebuild
what has been lost.
If you trust me, I can
help you remember everything.
Listen.
I know the reason
that you duel.
It is simple.
You duel for me.For you?
Exactly.
That is your whole purpose.
You are my puppet
and you obey my commands.
And now I command you to
completely destroy your enemy!
My enemy must be
destroyed completely.
Shark!
Shark, what's wrong!?
(Mr. Heartland)
Uh-oh, Shark's having
a massive meltdown!
The pressure of
competing on the big stage
must be getting to him.
(Vetrix)
What's the problem, Shark?
I've told you what
you have to do.
So why are you
resisting my commands?
I told you before.
I planted a dark seed
in your heart.
Use it to destroy your enemies.
Let me remind you of who
your enemies are
and why you detest them.
Think back on your own sister
and what they did to her.
You must get revenge
on those responsible.
(Shark)
Rio!
I know him!
That's Quattro!
And Vetrix, too!?
Could they be my enemies?
Who is that?
(Vetrix)
It's Dr. Faker.
Faker... I feel like I've heard
that name before.
Dr. Faker.
His name should fill your heart
with rage, of course.
You see, he's the one who
injured your little sister.
You vowed that you would make
him pay for his terrible crime
and that you wouldn't let
anyone stand in your way.
Yes, of course,
Dr. Faker.
He's the one who
hurt my little sister.
Dr. Faker is my enemy.
I'll do whatever it takes
to destroy him!
It's true.
You must destroy
Dr. Faker.
But that's
not possible, Shark.
Because there's someone else
standing in your way.
But who do you mean?
You've forgotten
his identity, too?
Let me jog your memory.
That's Yuma Tsukumo.
Yes!
Surely you remember
how ruthless Yuma can be!
He's always meddling in your
plans and sabotaging them!
Even now Yuma is
standing in your way.
He's trying to defeat you
for Dr. Faker
just as he teamed
up with Faker before
to strike down your
sister, Rio!
Shark!
I'll never forgive you!
Let's settle this once
and for all, Yuma!
That crest on his hand.
We've seen it before.
You are correct.
It is the same crest that
belongs to Vetrix.
Then Shark isn't
possessed by a Number.
He's possessed by Vetrix!
(Vetrix)
You almost have it right.
To be precise, Shark's soul has
been taken over by a Number.
But it is controlled
by yours truly.
Because of this
I also control Shark now!
He is my puppet.
And I will use this puppet
to destroy you, Yuma!
Get ready!
Here it comes, Yuma!
I summon my
Double Shark!
Next I'll give my Shark
some extra bite
by using my
Aqua jet spell card!
It gains a thousand
attack points
till the end of this turn.
Okay, Double Shark,
it's chow time!
Polish off
Gogogo Golem now!
Yuma, launch a defense!
I'll use a trap!
Impenetrable attack!
It protects Gogogo Golem
from destruction!
It's no use, 'cause I can
neutralize your trap card
with my spell
card Shark Spark!
So your Gogogo Golem
is a goner!
No way!
Good work, Double Shark,
now finish your attack!
Yuma!
You're not out of danger!
Double Shark can
double-up its attack!
Get Dododo Bot!
For a second there
it really looked
like Shark was
throwing in the towel,
but now he's going
on the attack!
That's what I call
showing real heart!
Way to go!
It's a total turnaround!
I wonder what woke him up?
Maybe he was
faking it before.
I'm not finished yet, Yuma!
It's payback day!
I'll start by activating
my spell Upswell!
Since I just destroyed one
of your monsters in battle.
I can use this spell
to summon Spear Shark
back from my graveyard!
I just have to lower its attack
points by one thousand.
Spear Shark,
prepare to attack!
I'm going to get revenge
for my sister, Rio!
Spear Shark,
attack Yuma directly!
Oh, Yuma!
Well, at least he's dueling
like his normal self again.
Shark is far from normal.
It is clear that Vetrix
has intensified his control
of Shark's mind.
The rage that is
growing inside Shark
makes him a much more
dangerous opponent.
He's angry.
But why is he angry at me?
I'll never forgive you!
I'm going to get revenge
for my sister, Rio!
He thinks I hurt her.
It's Vetrix.
He changed Shark's memories!
He has.
By making Shark believe you
harmed his sister,
Vetrix unleashed
Shark's anger.
I'll finish you off
on my next turn, Yuma!
But since I'm done for now,
Double Shark is back down
to 1200 attack points.
Magnificent!
Two monsters destroyed plus
a direct attack on Yuma
and he did it all
in a single turn.
Shark has become a ruthless
dueling machine!
After this duel, I can unleash
him on my archenemy, Dr. Faker!
I've gotta find a way
to help Shark!
But how can I stop Vetrix
from controlling him?
The problem is
not just Vetrix.
A Number is possessing
Shark, too.
And that Number can
evolve into a Chaos Number,
Shark Drake Veiss.
If Shark summons the Number
before you break Vetrix'
grip on his mind,
then it will be almost
impossible to save Shark!
It's not gonna happen.
I'll do whatever it
takes to win this duel.
Hopefully that will restore
Shark back to his normal self.
(audience)
Yuma, Yuma, Yuma...
Yuma!
It's my turn,
I draw!
I'm gonna scare up Gogogo
Ghost in attack mode!
All right, Gogogo Ghost!
Slam Spear Shark
with Fear Strike!
I don't think so!
I'm activating a trap.
Zeus' breath!
You can't overpower
the mighty Zeus!
It easily blocks
your monster's attack
and since I have a Water
Attribute monster on my field,
this trap blasts you with
800 points of damage!
Yuma got hit again!
If this keeps up,
he'll be a goner!
I thought Yuma had this won,
but now it's all Shark!
Yeah, but Yuma still
has more life points.
And I bet he's gonna need
every last one of 'em!
My move-- I'm placing
one card facedown.
And ending my turn.
You're up!
And you're
going down, Yuma.
I have a card that's gonna
finish you off forever.
I'll get revenge
for what you did to Rio!
You've got it wrong.
Vetrix is tricking you.
What happened to your
sister is his fault.
I don't believe you.
We both know you'd say
anything to save yourself.
But it's too late, Yuma!
It's ending now!
You're guilty and this
is your judgment day!
I'll finish you off
when I use my Number!
Number!?
Of course, Shark only
needs one more monster
to build
the Overlay Network.
At last!
I summon Shocktopus
to my field in attack mode!
Now everything is set.
I'll overlay my Level 4
Shocktopus,
along with my
Double Shark and Spear Shark!
With these three monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 32:
Shark Drake!
This is bad, Yuma.
Perfect!
I'm very pleased
with you, Shark.
Now unleash your Number
and stomp out that pest
once and for all!